Full job description
Optum is a global organization that delivers care, aided by technology to help millions of people live healthier lives. The work you do with our team will directly improve health outcomes by connecting people with the care, pharmacy benefits, data and resources they need to feel their best. Here, you will find a culture guided by inclusion, talented peers, comprehensive benefits and career development opportunities. Come make an impact on the communities we serve as you help us advance health optimization on a global scale. Join us to start Caring. Connecting. Growing together.


Primary Responsibilities:

Design, develop, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and implement new features
Identify and fix bugs, performance bottlenecks, and other issues
Conduct code reviews to ensure adherence to best practices and coding standards
Participate in the entire software development lifecycle, from concept and design to testing and deployment
Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency
Analyze, investigate and provides explanations and interpretations within area of expertise
Analyze and implement AI based solutions
Comply with the terms and conditions of the employment contract, company policies and procedures, and any and all directives (such as, but not limited to, transfer and/or re-assignment to different work locations, change in teams and/or work shifts, policies in regards to flexibility of work benefits and/or work environment, alternative work arrangements, and other decisions that may arise due to the changing business environment). The Company may adopt, vary or rescind these policies and directives in its absolute discretion and without any limitation (implied or otherwise) on its ability to do so
Required Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience
4+ years of experience problem solving with contact center platforms (primarily voice)
2+ years of experience with Amazon Connect routing development
Solid understanding of AI use cases and implementations
Proficiency in git/GitHub version control
Proven excellent technical growth, problem-solving and analytical skills
Proven ability to work independently as well as collaboratively in a team-oriented environment
Proven solid communication and interpersonal skills

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud)
Experience with Agile development methodologies
Proficiency in IT Service Management (ITSM), specifically the Service Level Owner role
Proficiency in CICD tools (GitHub)

At UnitedHealth Group, our mission is to help people live healthier lives and make the health system work better for everyone. We believe everyone-of every race, gender, sexuality, age, location and income-deserves the opportunity to live their healthiest life. Today, however, there are still far too many barriers to good health which are disproportionately experienced by people of color, historically marginalized groups and those with lower incomes. We are committed to mitigating our impact on the environment and enabling and delivering equitable care that addresses health disparities and improves health outcomes - an enterprise priority reflected in our mission.